Update html-css-javascript.md (#1993)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/113-qa/content/103-qa-automated-testing/100-frontend-automation/100-basic-introduction/html-css-javascript.md

> **HTML CSS JAVASCRIPT**
> 
> # HTML Basics
> 
> HTML stands for HyperText Markup Language. It is used on the frontend and gives the structure to the webpage which you can style using CSS and make interactive using JavaScript.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme='yellow' href='https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_intro.asp'>W3Schools: Learn HTML</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQN-pnXPaVg'>HTML Full Course - Build a Website Tutorial</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qz0aGYrrlhU'>HTML Tutorial for Beginners: HTML Crash Course</BadgeLink>
> 
> **Semantic HTML**
> 
> Semantic element clearly describes its meaning to both the browser and the developer.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme='yellow' href='https://www.w3schools.com/html/html5_semantic_elements.asp'>W3Schools: Semantic HTML</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme='yellow' href='https://hackernoon.com/how-to-write-semantic-html-dkq3ulo'>How To Write Semantic HTML</BadgeLink>
> 
> # CSS Basics
> 
> CSS or Cascading Style Sheets is the language used to style the frontend of any website. CSS is a cornerstone technology of the World Wide Web, alongside HTML and JavaScript.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/css/'>W3Schools — Learn CSS</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/responsive-web-design/'>freeCodeCamp — Responsive Web Design</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/building-your-first-web-page/'>Learn to Code HTML & CSS</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfoY53QXEnI'>CSS Crash Course For Absolute Beginners</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-h8L5hgW-w'>HTML and CSS Tutorial</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqmB-Zj2-PA'>CSS Masterclass - Tutorial & Course for Beginners</BadgeLink>
> 
> # JavaScript
> 
> JavaScript allows you to add interactivity to your pages. Common examples that you may have seen on the websites are sliders, click interactions, popups and so on.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.w3schools.com/js/'>W3Schools – JavaScript Tutorial</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://javascript.info/'>The Modern JavaScript Tutorial</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://youtu.be/hdI2bqOjy3c?t=2'>JavaScript Crash Course for Beginners</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://youtu.be/P7t13SGytRk?t=22'>Build a Netflix Landing Page Clone with HTML, CSS & JS</BadgeLink>
> 
> **DOM Manipulation**
> 
> The Document Object Model (DOM) is a programming interface built for HTML and XML documents. It represents the page that allows programs and scripts to dynamically update the document structure, content, and style. With DOM, we can easily access and manipulate tags, IDs, classes, attributes, etc.  
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://javascript.info/dom-nodes'>DOM Treee</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dom-document-object-model/'>GeeksForGeeks - DOM (Document Object Model)</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/what-is-the-dom-document-object-model-meaning-in-javascript/'>What is the DOM?</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://eloquentjavascript.net/14_dom.html'>Eloquent JavaScript, 3rd Edition: The Document Object Model</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_htmldom.asp'>JavaScript HTML DOM</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.javascripttutorial.net/javascript-dom/'>JavaScript DOM</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.codeguage.com/courses/js/html-dom-introduction'>Learn the HTML DOM with Exercises - CodeGuage</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Tok22qxPzQ'>What is DOM, Shadow DOM and Virtual DOM?</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ik6X4DJKCc'>JavaScript DOM Crash Course</BadgeLink>
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# HTML/CSS/JavaScript Basics

HTML stands for HyperText Markup Language. It is used on the front and gives structure to the webpage, which you can style using CSS and make interactive using JavaScript.

CSS or Cascading Style Sheets is the language used to style the front end of any website. CSS is a cornerstone technology of the World Wide Web, alongside HTML and JavaScript.

JavaScript allows you to add interactivity to your pages. You may have seen common examples on the websites: sliders, click interactions, popups, and so on.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme='yellow' href='https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_intro.asp'>W3Schools: Learn HTML</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/css/'>W3Schools — Learn CSS</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.w3schools.com/js/'>W3Schools – JavaScript Tutorial</BadgeLink>
```
